Add two usage examples to documentation (#107)
JuliaDiff/ChainRulesTestUtils.jl: docs/src/index.md

[ChainRulesTestUtils.jl](https://github.com/JuliaDiff/ChainRulesTestUtils.jl) helps you test [`ChainRulesCore.frule`](http://www.juliadiff.org/ChainRulesCore.jl/dev/api.html) and [`ChainRulesCore.rrule`](http://www.juliadiff.org/ChainRulesCore.jl/dev/api.html) methods, when adding rules for your functions in your own packages.
For information about ChainRules, including how to write rules, refer to the general ChainRules Documentation:
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/docs-master-blue.svg)](https://JuliaDiff.github.io/ChainRulesCore.jl/dev)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/docs-stable-blue.svg)](https://JuliaDiff.github.io/ChainRulesCore.jl/stable)

> ## Canonical example

Reviewer: should we make all of these doc tests or examples?
or make them all run and display examples?

Author: I know what doctests are. I don't know what "example" and "run and display examples" are, would you mind explaining?

I am a bit reluctant to add doctests because the printouts are pretty long and confusing, e.g.
```
julia> rrule_test(relu, 2.1, (-1.2, .23))
Test Summary:                      |
Don't thunk only non_zero argument | No tests
Test.DefaultTestSet("Don't thunk only non_zero argument", Any[], 0, false)
```

Author: I've added doctests

Let's suppose a custom transformation has been defined
```
function two2three(a::Float64, b::Float64)
    return 1.0, 2.0*a, 3.0*b
end
```
along with the `frule`
```
function ChainRulesCore.frule((Δf, Δa, Δb), ::typeof(two2three), a, b)
    y = two2three(a, b)
    ∂y = Composite{Tuple{Float64, Float64, Float64}}(Zero(), 2.0*Δa, 3.0*Δb)
    return y, ∂y
end
```
and `rrule`
```
function ChainRulesCore.rrule(::typeof(two2three), a, b)
    y = two2three(a, b)
    function two2three_pullback(Ȳ)
        return (NO_FIELDS, 2.0*Ȳ[2], 3.0*Ȳ[3])
    end
    return y, two2three_pullback
end
```

> The `test_frule`/`test_rrule` helper function compares the `frule`/`rrule` outputs

Reviewer: Let's link to the API docs page
```suggestion
The [`test_frule`](@ref)/[`test_rrule`](@ref) helper function compares the `frule`/`rrule` outputs
```

to the gradients obtained by finite differencing.
They can be used for any type and number of inputs and outputs.

### Testing the `frule`

`frule_test` takes in the function `f` and tuples `(x, ẋ)` for each function argument `x`.
The call will test the `frule` for function `f` at the point `x` in the domain. Keep
this in mind when testing discontinuous rules for functions like
[ReLU](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rectifier_(neural_networks)), which should ideally
be tested at both `x` being above and below zero.
Additionally, choosing `ẋ` in an unfortunate way (e.g. as zeros) could hide
underlying problems with the defined `frule`.

```
xs = (3.33, -7.77)
ẋs = (rand(), rand())

> frule_test(two2three, (xs[1], ẋs[1]), (xs[2], ẋs[2]))

Reviewer: Do you think it would be simpler and easier to understand if we use `a, b` rather than `xs` ?
and similar for dotted versions

```

### Testing the `rrule`

`rrule_test` takes in the function `f`, sensitivities of the function outputs `ȳ`,
and tuples `(x, x̄)` for each function argument `x`.

> `x̄` is the accumulated adjoint which should be set randomly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`x̄` is the accumulated adjoint which can be set to an arbitary.
```

The call will test the `rrule` for function `f` at the point `x`, and similarly to
`frule` some rules should be tested at multiple points in the domain.
Choosing `ȳ` in an unfortunate way (e.g. as zeros) could hide underlying problems with
the `rrule`. 
```
xs = (3.33, -7.77)
ȳs = (rand(), rand(), rand())

> x̄s = (rand(), rand())

Reviewer: similar for my comments about maybe we avoid using `xs` and just use `a` and `b` seperately

Author: I went with `x1` and `x2` (changing the function definition to be consistent instead) just because the text feels more natural talking about arguments `x` rather than `a`

rrule_test(two2three, ȳs, (xs[1], x̄s[1]), (xs[2], x̄s[2]))
```

## Scalar example

> For functions with a single argument and a single output, such as e.g. `ReLU`,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For functions with a single argument and a single output, such as e.g. ReLU,
```
Or

```suggestion
For functions with a single argument and a single output, such as e.g. `relu`,
```

```
function relu(x::Real)
    return max(0, x)
end
```
with the `frule`
```
function ChainRulesCore.frule((Δf, Δx), ::typeof(relu), x::Real)
    y = relu(x)
    dydx = x <= 0 ? zero(x) : one(x)
    return y, dydx .* Δx
end
```
and `rrule` defined,
```
function ChainRulesCore.rrule(::typeof(relu), x::Real)
    y = relu(x)
    dydx = x <= 0 ? zero(x) : one(x)
    function relu_pullback(Ȳ)
        return (NO_FIELDS, Ȳ .* dydx)
    end
    return y, relu_pullback
end

> ```

Reviewer: can we use `@scalar_rule` ?
`test_scalar` and `@scalar_rule` tend to go together.

Author: nice catch, of course

> `test_scalar` function is provided to test both the `frule` and the `rrule` with a single

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[`test_scalar`](@ref) function is provided to test both the `frule` and the `rrule` with a single
```
